How to create an area step by step   
   
This is the process by which we developed our areas/environments (namely the Group Cell Room and Visitation Room). Although this may be ignorable for experienced UE4 users, if you are new to developing 3D environments using tools like UE4 or Unity, this guide will help you understand one way to do the process.   
   
Step 1-Create an asset list for the environment. What objects do you need in your environment? Do you need walls? Trees? Rocks? Tables? This helps you to plan out your area and keep track of what assets you have and what assets you still need to get.   
   
Step 2-Greyboxing. Place uncolored/untextured cubes or spheres around the environment to represent where things will go. They don’t have to be in the exact shape of the object, but you should try to get close. For example, a couch might be represented by a cube, while a lamp might be represented by a cylinder. You can find the necessary objects in the place actors tab on the left of the UE4 window. Please note that for some basic shapes, you have multiple options that can do the same thing. For example, cubes and boxes. Some of your basic shapes may be static meshes, while others may be BSP brushes. Please pay attention to which you are using. It may also help to put in an atmospheric fog and directional light to better see what you are doing. During greyboxing, it is most important to pay attention to the placement and position of objects and the scale of both your objects and overall area.   
   
Step 2.5-Using BSP Brushes. My personal preferred method for greyboxing is using BSP brushes, but please note that in some cases it may be easier to use cubes (especially for objects like chairs or couches that you’ll get a separate mesh for). For walls however, BSP brushes can be used to add more detail to the shape. For example, if your wall has a window. With static meshes, you may need to use 4 static meshes and surround the space where you want the window to be. BSP brushes however can be made into subtractive BSP brushes, which remove from regular BSP brushes. So you can have a regular BSP brush as a wall, and then a subtractive BSP brush overlapping the regular BSP brush where the window is, and it’ll remove that area from the wall, creating the window. You can make a BSP brush subtractive on the details panel on the right under Brush Settings>Brush Type.   
   
Step 3-Adding in the objects/meshes. Replace the greyboxes in your greyboxing with meshes for the actual objects. For many objects, this is as simple as adding the mesh, sizing it and positioning it based on your representative greybox, and then deleting the greybox. For BSP brushes, this is a little different, as they can be directly converted into static meshes. To do this, select all BSP brushes needed for the object at the same time. Make sure all surfaces are set to “align surface planar”. If they are not, they may stretch any textures you try to apply in the future. You can do this by selecting each surface and setting them to “Align surface planar” in the geometry section of the details panel. At this point, you can expand brush settings and click “Create static Mesh” to turn your selected BSP brushes into a singular static mesh. From here, a window is brought up where you can name the static mesh and choose where to save it. Please note that creating a static mesh deleted the BSP brushes used to create it. Make sure to backup your work, copy the level, or save the area in version control before creating static meshes incase you need to alter the shape of the objects you created using BSP brushes. Also, please note that this means that if one BSP brush is being used in multiple objects (for example, one subtractive BSP brush is being used to create two windows in different walls) you will need to copy your BSP brush so you have one to use for each object.   
   
Step 4-Add lighting and textures. Color your area and set the tone and mood by adding lighting to your area and by adding materials to your objects to apply textures to them. Pay attention to shadows and the depth of your materials here. You can change the depth of your material by double clicking on the material, then going to the details window on the right and changing the normal intensity.   
   
Step 5-Add post-processing effects. Add a post-processing volume from the place actors tab on the left and size it to cover everything you are applying post processing effects to. Focus specifically on Chromatic Aberration and Depth of Field under the Lens Tab, and everything in the Film Tab, as they were what we used to try to create our Echoes of the Past effect.   
   
And there’s your area! This is just basic guidelines on how to go about creating an area if you’ve never done something like this before. Once again, more experienced veterans can probably ignore this. And there’s no need to follow this process to the letter. If you are working on lighting and decide you need to move something around or add another object, feel free to go ahead and do so. This is just one process to use if you have no idea where to start. Good luck!
