I was exhausted when I finally entered the sleeping room. It wasn’t exactly a new thing for me. Ever since I first arrived here, the work in the mines had been brutal. But it wasn’t really a thing that ever got better, or that you ever got used to. It still drove the way I immediately went over to my bed to lie down.   
   
Getting over to my bed was a task in and of itself. My bed was towards the back of the room, so I had to squeeze by other beds and people to get over there. It might’ve been impossible to make it all the way to the back if I wasn’t as thin and starved as I was. No matter how careful I was, I always bumped into a few people on the way. They didn’t get mad though. They didn’t have the energy to do so.   
   
Once at my bed, I immediately laid down. There was no room for me to sit, no space for me to stand. I couldn’t even lay flat, and instead had to lay on my side. So I laid down, facing a prisoner in a neighboring bed, and began talking.    
   
The time before curfew was one of the few times I had to talk to people. To know I wasn’t alone in my suffering. But we didn’t have long. Curfew was soon, and once lights were out, not a noise was to come out of the room. I hadn’t seen or heard this rule disobeyed since I had gotten here. And I didn’t really want to know what the punishment for breaking it was.   
   
Since before curfew was one of the few times I had to talk, I usually tried to make the most out of it. But not everybody felt the same. The prisoner who bunked above me was usually asleep by the time I entered the room. I didn’t blame him for taking that mindset either.    
   
So I talked to my neighbor for a little bit. The conversation was small talk at best. You never say something really important unless it’s to somebody you absolutely trust. You never know who’ll be selling secrets. But I knew I had a family visitation coming up tomorrow. I would get to see my parents again, even if only for a few minutes.    
   
After a few minutes, a guard came in to shut us up and shut off the lights. In an instant, we were all cast into darkness and silence, with only the sounds of light breathing to accompany us to sleep. It was in this silence I really began to feel how cold it was at this time of year. The room had no heating and the blankets were paper thin. As I reached out behind me, the wall felt as cold as an ice cube. The room’s only real saving grace was its torturous lack of space. If it wasn’t for the body heat of over 50 people in such a small space, I don’t know if it would’ve been warm enough to live through each night.   
