Several major problems were encountered over the course of this project, which significantly slowed down development.
 - File storage limits: Github has limits for uploading large files, and these limits posed issues for our team. We found we were unable to upload certain files such as textures, to the Github repo for our project, which made it difficult to share these files between group members. While Github Large File Storage (LFS) theoretically can help with this, we experienced strange problems where Github LFS reported we had reached our limit on uploads before we uploaded any files using it. These issues may be connected to our group member’s past use of LFS, and hopefully will not impact future work on this project. Future teams should take time early on to address how they will handle sharing large files between members of the team.
 - Merging Issues: Unreal Engine has some issues with merging branches from Github, where changes can be overwritten. While this may have been caused in part by our team’s lack of familiarity with UE4, future teams should be careful when merging work and should check to make sure changes have not been erased in the process of merging. They should clearly communicate what pieces of the project each member of the team is working on, and avoid working on the same levels at the same time, to avoid these issues.
 - Communications and Expectations: Our team suffered delays early on due to issues communicating with each other. It was at times unclear who was responsible for certain parts of the project, how much progress they were making, and what each group member expected to have done by certain deadlines. Clear communication of deadlines, of responsibilities, and expectations are essential to managing a project of this size. Teams should consider using Github Issues or other 3rd party resources to help organize everything and keep the team on track to meet deadlines.
