 In spite of spending eight hours in the mines, I couldn’t tell if the temperature had changed at all. In fact, if anything, it felt even colder in contrast to the heat
of the mines. The long sleeves didn’t help with the winter air at all. I may as well have been naked for all the protection they provided. My fingers tingled and my
face stung all the way to the family visitation room.   
	I breathed outwards in relief when I finally got inside as I took stock of the room. It wasn’t warm per say, in fact it could be said that the room even felt unwelcoming, being split down the middle by the fence, but it was still warmer than being completely exposed outside. I walked over to the table, pulled out the chair and sat down.   
	Turning to the guard, I considered asking if he was going to go get my parents, who had come to visit me today, but I decided not to speak up. They probably had somebody else bringing them, and there was no way that me essentially asking the guard to leave would be taken well. So I turned back towards the fence and the other end of the room.   
	Soon I heard very muffled voices from the other side of the room. I couldn’t really make out any of what they were saying though. And after another few seconds, the door opened and my parents walked in.   
	“Arjeta!” My mom cried out, smiling with tears in her eyes as she saw my disheveled state and dirtied face from working in the copper mines all day. She took a hurried step forward before her eyes shifted off towards my left side and she slowed her pace considerably. Dad walked behind her in measured steps.   
	“Mom! Dad!” I called back, hurriedly standing up myself. In my haste, I knocked my chair back, tipping it slightly but not knocking it over. Out of the corner of my eye, the guard gave me a warning look, but didn’t say anything, and so I also hurried over to the center of the room, to the left of the table.   
	“Arjeta, I missed you!” My mom repeated as we met in the middle. The chain link fence blocked us from hugging, and tears almost welled up in my eyes as a sudden feeling of regret that I couldn’t embrace her washed over me. But I blinked them away and was at least able to touch her fingers through the fence.   
	“I missed you too Mom,” I said, as I tried to push my hands against the fence as hard as I could to feel her warmth as  best I could. The fence rattled though, and the guard now behind me cleared his throat loudly, so my mother and I quickly retracted her hands.    
  Mom walked over to the chair on the other side of the fence as my dad walked up to me, and soon we touched fingers through the fence as well. After a moment of silence, my dad spoke up.   
  “Arjeta, hope you’re hanging in there,” He greeted. It was much more calm than my mom’s greeting, but I still felt grateful for the worry in his voice.   
  “I’m doing as best I can,” I responded. He frowned, perhaps a little concerned that I didn’t respond better, but he smiled softly a second later as he retracted his own hands and nodded over towards my chair.   
  “We brought up some food for you,” He announced as I pulled my chair back up to the table and sat down.   
  “Thanks! I’ll make sure to enjoy it thoroughly,” I responded. It really was good for me that they were able to bring up food for me. Although it tends to get torn apart as its inspected by the guards, and I doubt they were able to bring up anything special like meat or fresh fruits or vegetables, it’ll still be food, and it’s always good to be able to get more.   
  My mom elaborated further on Dad’s statement. “It’s mostly just some grains. We brought you a few rolls of bread and some pasta. It’s plain, so it’s not your favorite, but…” She glanced at the guard. She was probably worried about overstepping her bounds and saying something criticizing or negative about the way the prison did things, so I stepped in.   
  Smiling at her, I told her “I’m sure it’ll be the best pasta I’ve ever had.” Then I focused my attention towards Dad, who slouched tiredly behind Mom, still wearily glancing at the guard every so often.   
  “You look rather tired Dad. Are you getting enough sleep?”   
  He stood a little straighter. “It’s been a little rough the past couple months. I came down with a fever a few months ago and had to take a break from work. So I’ve been working extra hard recently to catch back up.” He glanced back over at the guard again. “It’s my duty as a citizen of Albania.” The guard acknowledged Dad’s statement with a nod.   
  “I’m glad to hear you’re better. Were the rest of the family unable to help you out?”   
  “They have their own roles in society. But your cousins have been doing well! Leonora actually finished her schooling within the past year, and she’s looking for a job now. And Kreshnik got a promotion!”   
  I gave a smile. It was nice to hear they’d been doing well. I wondered if I’d have been able to get a promotion recently if I hadn’t been imprisoned. Or if I’d have been able to help lighten some of the burdens Dad had to carry when he got sick. It made my heart hurt a little, but I made sure the smile never slipped. “Can you congratulate them for me the next time you see them?”   
  “Absolutely” Mom said. “I’m sure they’ll be happy to hear it.”   
  “And Jetmir?” I asked. “He’s not getting himself into any trouble?”   
  “Your brother’s doing fine. Not only is he making enough to provide for himself, he’s making some new friends who are well off too. There’s one of them, a nice young man named-”   
  BANG! The table shook as the guard slammed his hand down next to where I sat. My parents, even from the other side of the fence, flinched backwards.   
  “Prisoner visitations are STRICTLY for family and about family, ONLY,” He asserted. My parents hastily nodded and apologized to him until he removed his hand and returned off to the side.   
  The conversation slowed down after that. We tried to stay on topic about family, but on more than one occasion the discussion experienced long pauses as my parents nervously glanced at the guard, seemingly unsure of what to say. And as each second passed by during those pauses, I was acutely aware that it would be a long time before my parents would be able to visit again, and that we were here for a very limited amount of time.   
  And after what felt like a far too short amount of time, the guard spoke up again. “9 Minutes are up. You have 1 minute left.”   
  Smiling softly as tears started welling up in Mom’s eyes, I walked up to the fence. My dad was the first to join me this time around, and we touched fingers again.   
  “I know you’ve been having a rough time of it here,” He started. “But stay strong son. Stay strong.”   
  “Thanks dad,” I answered. “You too. Mom’s counting on you.” He nodded, and I nodded, and then he let go so mom could take his place.   
  “Arjeta,” She started, tears in her eyes still. Her voice was soft and almost cracking. “Please, Please. Stay safe. Whatever you have to do in here, in this place. Whatever it takes to live. Please, just…stay safe.”   
  As we let go, she suddenly broke into sobs. Her knees buckled and she collapsed into Dad’s side as he stepped forward to catch her. Tears started to well up  in my own eyes.   
  “Time’s up,” the guard said. He stepped forward and tightly squeezed my shoulder. I buckled and let out a hiss of air, but nothing more as he forcibly turned me to the door.   
  “Get moving,” He ordered.    
  Resisting the command from a guard was pointless, and so I obediently followed, staying strong and moving forward. But as I heard continual cries of “Stay safe!” between the sobs of my mother behind me, a couple of tears began to flow as I stepped out into the biting cold, freezing on my cheeks and leaving an empty and cold feeling in my heart that was sure to stay for the days to come.   
